For this week's assignment, I chose the word “Early” to interpret in the form of AR snapchat filters. I decided to do a more abstract interpretation of the “early” and do early internet. I thought this would be cool to explore how an early internet filter might look like that is different from some of the other snapchat filters we were used to (kind of the ones similar to what I explored last week).  </br>
For early, I used an “early 2000 sticker kit” that gives off the similar aesthetics to what you would imagine a Y2K aesthetic to look like. I then stuck them all around the face, attaching them to custom points on the face. </br></br>

I was actually a bit more interested in designing for what the opposite of “early” internet might look like. My immediate reaction is that, kind of similar to what we discussed in class, that filters are becoming increasingly less “fake” and are used to enhance the way we look instead of adding a flower crown or stickers on someone’s face. And while I think there is a lot of interesting work to do in this department, I wanted to explore what other face filters we associate with the internet now. </br>
I decided to make two: the first one cartoonified the face and added hearts to the eyes. I feel like these types of filters I only started to see recently so I decided to attempt to make one. </br></br>
For my second filter, I decided to use a png of pop art that put the international law on toilet paper. I think political artwork (including face filters) became increasingly more popular and used (maybe 2010 onwards) and so I decided to do that too as an interpretation of more recent AR filters/internet. </br>

